# VBA Challenge 2

In this activity, I was tasked to analyze a given data set of stocks over multiple years. My task was to find the greatest percent yearly increase, greatest percent yearly decrease and greatest total stock volume per year for each set

## Instructions

###Create a script that loops through all the stocks for one year and outputs the following information:

    *The ticker symbol

    *Yearly change from the opening price at the beginning of a given year to the closing price at the end of that year.

    *The percentage change from the opening price at the beginning of a given year to the closing price at the end of that year.

    *The total stock volume of the stock. 
    
    *Add functionality to your script to return the stock with the "Greatest % increase", "Greatest % decrease", and "Greatest total volume".
    
    *Make the appropriate adjustments to your VBA script to enable it to run on every worksheet (that is, every year) at once.

## My Work
    Most of my process was very straight forward. I completed all of the working testing along the way in the smaller data set. 
    The biggest issues I ran into were: the for loop, to run through all of the stocks, was too large to fit in an integer and so I needed to convert to a long and the conditional formatting for percent was more complex than I originally envisioned. I found answers to both and completed the challenge.
    All code was generated by myself


Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.
